content/order/_index.md, before:

---
stylesPath: css/order.sass
title: i18n-content-order-_index-title
noFixedNavbar: true
is_order: true
# promo_code: 'NOVEMBER200'
product_notices:
  sold_out: &sold_out
    item_notice:
      Temporarily unavailable. [Let us know](/contact/) if you want to
      be contacted when this item becomes available again.
    cart_notice: Temporarily unavailable.
products:
  - item: &id001
      product_name: vibe_board
      title: i18n-content-order-_index-products-i_0-item-title
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-products-i_0-item-body
      product_id: '31815758250035'
      price: 2999
      # discount_price: 2799
      # discount_info: November Deals $200 off!
      figure: img/order/product-gallery-1.png
      sold_out: false
      backorder: false
  - item: &id002
      product_name: white_stand
      title: i18n-content-order-_index-products-i_1-item-title
      product_id: '31815731576883'
      price: 500
      figure: img/order/accessory-stand-w.png
      sold_out: false
      backorder:
        item_notice: '**Shipping Delayed.** Expected to ship in 5-8 business days.'
        cart_notice: Shipping Delayed. Expected to ship in in 5-8 business days.
  - item: &id003
      product_name: red_stand
      title: i18n-content-order-_index-products-i_2-item-title
      product_id: '31815731609651'
      price: 500
      figure: img/order/accessory-stand-r.png
      sold_out: false
      backorder:
        item_notice: '**Shipping Delayed.** Expected to ship in 5-8 business days.'
        cart_notice: Shipping Delayed. Expected to ship in in 5-8 business days.
  - item: &id004
      product_name: stylus
      title: i18n-content-order-_index-products-i_3-item-title
      product_id: '31815737016371'
      price: 15
      figure: img/order/accessory-stylus.png
      sold_out: false
      backorder: false
hero:
  item: *id001
  shipping: Complimentary U.S. Shipping + 30-Day Returns
  amazon: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B081LPL772/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=vibe0be-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B081LPL772&linkId=95dfdc3f7512c0ee8f046c0f1d4e59ae
  gallery:
    - img/order/product-gallery-1.png
    - img/order/product-gallery-2.png
    - img/order/product-gallery-3.png
    - img/order/product-gallery-4.png
    - img/order/product-gallery-5.png
accessories:
  title: i18n-content-order-_index-accessories-title
  items:
    - item: *id002
    - item: *id003
    - item: *id004
      precision: 2
faq:
  title: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-title
  see_all:
    title: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-see_all-title
    url: /buyer-faq
  items:
    - title: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_0-title
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_0-body
    - title: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_1-title
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_1-body
    - title: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_2-title
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_2-body
    - title: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_3-title
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_3-body
    - title: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_4-title
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_4-body
reviews:
  title: i18n-content-order-_index-reviews-title
  items:
    - author: TFresquez
      channel: Amazon Review
      stars: 5
      date: 11/02/2020
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-reviews-items-i_5-body
      url: 'https://www.amazon.com/review/R2R6JOXWT2UM3B/ref=cm_cr_srp_d_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN=B081LPL772&_encoding=UTF8&tag=vibe0be-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e27a3989025154ae1f8f2e4cf58dce5&camp=1789&creative=9325'
    - author: SeanDon2000
      channel: Amazon Review
      stars: 5
      date: 10/20/2020
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-reviews-items-i_4-body
      url: 'https://www.amazon.com/review/R2BWH4L1DDPWIA/ref=cm_cr_srp_d_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&amp;ASIN=B081LPL772&_encoding=UTF8&tag=vibe0be-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e27a3989025154ae1f8f2e4cf58dce5&camp=1789&creative=9325'
    - author: Mark
      channel: Amazon Review
      stars: 5
      date: 06/12/2020
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-reviews-items-i_0-body
      url: 'https://www.amazon.com/review/R33AJRRSO37TBG/ref=cm_cr_srp_d_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&amp;ASIN=B081LPL772&_encoding=UTF8&tag=vibe0be-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=10ff97b8c5159d3db1f979b774d7f976&camp=1789&creative=9325'
    - author: SC Native
      channel: Amazon Review
      stars: 5
      date: 06/10/2020
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-reviews-items-i_1-body
      url: 'https://www.amazon.com/review/R3LP7HT4QXQIVB/ref=cm_cr_srp_d_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&amp;ASIN=B081LPL772&_encoding=UTF8&tag=vibe0be-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=7600cf45bc2cffc0d9ccb1433673be14&camp=1789&creative=9325'
    - author: Gina Fant-Simon
      channel: Amazon Review
      stars: 5
      date: 06/04/2020
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-reviews-items-i_2-body
      url: 'https://www.amazon.com/review/R1CMYUR0OAPGE6/ref=cm_cr_srp_d_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&amp;ASIN=B081LPL772&_encoding=UTF8&tag=vibe0be-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=7c2dfb5ef15932f2dcdfb6f7bfa0c59f&camp=1789&creative=9325'
    - author: Bgood
      channel: Amazon Review
      stars: 5
      date: 01/17/2020
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-reviews-items-i_3-body
      url: 'https://www.amazon.com/review/R24TBM6GLRVDRL/ref=cm_cr_srp_d_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&amp;ASIN=B081LPL772&_encoding=UTF8&tag=vibe0be-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=fdf0cd99903266051afe8763dfa5ea17&camp=1789&creative=9325'

bottom_cta:
  title: i18n-content-order-_index-bottom_cta-title
  cta:
    # title: i18n-content-order-_index-bottom_cta-cta-title
    # url: /contact/
    buttons:
      - title: i18n-content-order-_index-bottom_cta-cta-buttons-i_0-title
        url: /contact/request-a-quote
        class: is-black
      - title: i18n-content-order-_index-bottom_cta-cta-buttons-i_1-title
        url: /contact
---

Commit message:

add shipping delayed on Vibe board

content/order/_index.md, after:

---
stylesPath: css/order.sass
title: i18n-content-order-_index-title
noFixedNavbar: true
is_order: true
# promo_code: 'NOVEMBER200'
product_notices:
  sold_out: &sold_out
    item_notice:
      Temporarily unavailable. [Let us know](/contact/) if you want to
      be contacted when this item becomes available again.
    cart_notice: Temporarily unavailable.
products:
  - item: &id001
      product_name: vibe_board
      title: i18n-content-order-_index-products-i_0-item-title
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-products-i_0-item-body
      product_id: '31815758250035'
      price: 2999
      # discount_price: 2799
      # discount_info: November Deals $200 off!
      figure: img/order/product-gallery-1.png
      sold_out: false
      backorder:
        item_notice: '**Shipping Delayed.** Expected to ship in 5-8 business days.'
        cart_notice: Shipping Delayed. Expected to ship in in 5-8 business days.
  - item: &id002
      product_name: white_stand
      title: i18n-content-order-_index-products-i_1-item-title
      product_id: '31815731576883'
      price: 500
      figure: img/order/accessory-stand-w.png
      sold_out: false
      backorder:
        item_notice: '**Shipping Delayed.** Expected to ship in 5-8 business days.'
        cart_notice: Shipping Delayed. Expected to ship in in 5-8 business days.
  - item: &id003
      product_name: red_stand
      title: i18n-content-order-_index-products-i_2-item-title
      product_id: '31815731609651'
      price: 500
      figure: img/order/accessory-stand-r.png
      sold_out: false
      backorder:
        item_notice: '**Shipping Delayed.** Expected to ship in 5-8 business days.'
        cart_notice: Shipping Delayed. Expected to ship in in 5-8 business days.
  - item: &id004
      product_name: stylus
      title: i18n-content-order-_index-products-i_3-item-title
      product_id: '31815737016371'
      price: 15
      figure: img/order/accessory-stylus.png
      sold_out: false
      backorder: false
hero:
  item: *id001
  shipping: Complimentary U.S. Shipping + 30-Day Returns
  amazon: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B081LPL772/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=vibe0be-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B081LPL772&linkId=95dfdc3f7512c0ee8f046c0f1d4e59ae
  gallery:
    - img/order/product-gallery-1.png
    - img/order/product-gallery-2.png
    - img/order/product-gallery-3.png
    - img/order/product-gallery-4.png
    - img/order/product-gallery-5.png
accessories:
  title: i18n-content-order-_index-accessories-title
  items:
    - item: *id002
    - item: *id003
    - item: *id004
      precision: 2
faq:
  title: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-title
  see_all:
    title: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-see_all-title
    url: /buyer-faq
  items:
    - title: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_0-title
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_0-body
    - title: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_1-title
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_1-body
    - title: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_2-title
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_2-body
    - title: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_3-title
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_3-body
    - title: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_4-title
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-faq-items-i_4-body
reviews:
  title: i18n-content-order-_index-reviews-title
  items:
    - author: TFresquez
      channel: Amazon Review
      stars: 5
      date: 11/02/2020
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-reviews-items-i_5-body
      url: 'https://www.amazon.com/review/R2R6JOXWT2UM3B/ref=cm_cr_srp_d_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN=B081LPL772&_encoding=UTF8&tag=vibe0be-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e27a3989025154ae1f8f2e4cf58dce5&camp=1789&creative=9325'
    - author: SeanDon2000
      channel: Amazon Review
      stars: 5
      date: 10/20/2020
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-reviews-items-i_4-body
      url: 'https://www.amazon.com/review/R2BWH4L1DDPWIA/ref=cm_cr_srp_d_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&amp;ASIN=B081LPL772&_encoding=UTF8&tag=vibe0be-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e27a3989025154ae1f8f2e4cf58dce5&camp=1789&creative=9325'
    - author: Mark
      channel: Amazon Review
      stars: 5
      date: 06/12/2020
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-reviews-items-i_0-body
      url: 'https://www.amazon.com/review/R33AJRRSO37TBG/ref=cm_cr_srp_d_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&amp;ASIN=B081LPL772&_encoding=UTF8&tag=vibe0be-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=10ff97b8c5159d3db1f979b774d7f976&camp=1789&creative=9325'
    - author: SC Native
      channel: Amazon Review
      stars: 5
      date: 06/10/2020
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-reviews-items-i_1-body
      url: 'https://www.amazon.com/review/R3LP7HT4QXQIVB/ref=cm_cr_srp_d_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&amp;ASIN=B081LPL772&_encoding=UTF8&tag=vibe0be-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=7600cf45bc2cffc0d9ccb1433673be14&camp=1789&creative=9325'
    - author: Gina Fant-Simon
      channel: Amazon Review
      stars: 5
      date: 06/04/2020
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-reviews-items-i_2-body
      url: 'https://www.amazon.com/review/R1CMYUR0OAPGE6/ref=cm_cr_srp_d_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&amp;ASIN=B081LPL772&_encoding=UTF8&tag=vibe0be-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=7c2dfb5ef15932f2dcdfb6f7bfa0c59f&camp=1789&creative=9325'
    - author: Bgood
      channel: Amazon Review
      stars: 5
      date: 01/17/2020
      body: i18n-content-order-_index-reviews-items-i_3-body
      url: 'https://www.amazon.com/review/R24TBM6GLRVDRL/ref=cm_cr_srp_d_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&amp;ASIN=B081LPL772&_encoding=UTF8&tag=vibe0be-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=fdf0cd99903266051afe8763dfa5ea17&camp=1789&creative=9325'

bottom_cta:
  title: i18n-content-order-_index-bottom_cta-title
  cta:
    # title: i18n-content-order-_index-bottom_cta-cta-title
    # url: /contact/
    buttons:
      - title: i18n-content-order-_index-bottom_cta-cta-buttons-i_0-title
        url: /contact/request-a-quote
        class: is-black
      - title: i18n-content-order-_index-bottom_cta-cta-buttons-i_1-title
        url: /contact
---
