content/hardware/_index.md, before:

---
title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-title
stylesPath: css/hardware.sass
aliases:
  - /product/
hero:
  title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-hero-title
  body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-hero-body
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-hero-cta-title
    class: is-primary is-rounded
    url: /demo/
  gallery:
    cta: i18n-content-hardware-_index-hero-gallery-cta
    items:
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-1.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-2.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-3.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-4.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-5.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-6.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-7.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-8.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-9.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-10.png
testimonial_section:
  testimonials:
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/sandler.png
        name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_0-author-name
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_0-body
    - author:
        name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_1-author-name
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_1-body
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/kenmore.png
        name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_2-author-name
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_2-body
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/azularc.png
        name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_3-author-name
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_3-body
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/capgemini.png
        name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_4-author-name
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_4-body
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/csi.png
        name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_5-author-name
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_5-body
feature_set_1:
  title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_1-title
  features:
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_1-features-i_0-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_1-features-i_0-body
      figure: img/hardware/feature-1.png
      class: is-feature-1
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_1-features-i_1-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_1-features-i_1-body
      figure: img/hardware/feature-2.png
      class: is-feature-2
feature_set_2:
  title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_2-title
  features:
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_2-features-i_0-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_2-features-i_0-body
      figure: img/hardware/feature-3.png
      class: is-feature-3
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_2-features-i_1-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_2-features-i_1-body
      figure: img/hardware/feature-4.png
      class: is-feature-4
spec:
  banner:
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-banner-i_0-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-banner-i_0-body
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-banner-i_1-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-banner-i_1-body
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-banner-i_2-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-banner-i_2-body
  title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-title
  columns:
    - - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-title
        items:
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_0-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_0-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_1-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_1-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_2-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_2-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_3-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_3-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_4-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_4-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_5-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_5-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_6-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_6-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_7-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_7-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_8-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_8-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_9-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_9-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_10-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_10-value
      - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-title
        items:
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_0-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_0-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_1-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_1-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_2-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_2-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_3-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_3-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_4-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_4-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_5-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_5-value
      - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-title
        items:
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_0-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_0-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_1-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_1-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_2-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_2-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_3-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_3-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_4-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_4-value
    - - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-title
        items:
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_0-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_0-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_1-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_1-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_2-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_2-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_3-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_3-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_4-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_4-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_5-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_5-value
      - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_1-title
        items:
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_1-items-i_0-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_1-items-i_0-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_1-items-i_1-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_1-items-i_1-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_1-items-i_2-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_1-items-i_2-value
      - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-title
        items:
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-items-i_0-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-items-i_0-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-items-i_1-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-items-i_1-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-items-i_2-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-items-i_2-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-items-i_3-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-items-i_3-value
      - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-title
        items:
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_0-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_0-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_1-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_1-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_2-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_2-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_3-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_3-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_4-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_4-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_5-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_5-value
      - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-title
        items:
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-items-i_0-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-items-i_0-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-items-i_1-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-items-i_1-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-items-i_2-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-items-i_2-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-items-i_3-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-items-i_3-value
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-cta-title
    class: is-black is-outlined is-rounded
    url: /resources/Vibe_Tech_Specs.pdf
faq:
  title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-title
  items:
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_0-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_0-body
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_1-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_1-body
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_2-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_2-body
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_3-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_3-body
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_4-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_4-body
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_5-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_5-body
video_section:
  title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-video_section-title
  body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-video_section-body
  video:
    id: Ccd4cVrtHTk
    placeholder: img/shared/video.png
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-video_section-cta-title
    url: /software/
bottom_cta:
  title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-bottom_cta-title
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-bottom_cta-cta-title
---

Commit message:

Update meta description for hardware page

content/hardware/_index.md, after:

---
title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-title
description: Vibe digital whiteboard is a 55" 4k touchscreen display built for real-time remote collaboration and video conferencing, all compatible with your favorite apps
stylesPath: css/hardware.sass
aliases:
  - /product/
hero:
  title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-hero-title
  body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-hero-body
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-hero-cta-title
    class: is-primary is-rounded
    url: /demo/
  gallery:
    cta: i18n-content-hardware-_index-hero-gallery-cta
    items:
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-1.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-2.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-3.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-4.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-5.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-6.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-7.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-8.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-9.png
      - img/hardware/gallery/gallery-10.png
testimonial_section:
  testimonials:
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/sandler.png
        name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_0-author-name
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_0-body
    - author:
        name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_1-author-name
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_1-body
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/kenmore.png
        name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_2-author-name
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_2-body
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/azularc.png
        name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_3-author-name
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_3-body
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/capgemini.png
        name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_4-author-name
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_4-body
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/csi.png
        name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_5-author-name
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_5-body
feature_set_1:
  title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_1-title
  features:
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_1-features-i_0-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_1-features-i_0-body
      figure: img/hardware/feature-1.png
      class: is-feature-1
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_1-features-i_1-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_1-features-i_1-body
      figure: img/hardware/feature-2.png
      class: is-feature-2
feature_set_2:
  title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_2-title
  features:
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_2-features-i_0-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_2-features-i_0-body
      figure: img/hardware/feature-3.png
      class: is-feature-3
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_2-features-i_1-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-feature_set_2-features-i_1-body
      figure: img/hardware/feature-4.png
      class: is-feature-4
spec:
  banner:
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-banner-i_0-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-banner-i_0-body
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-banner-i_1-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-banner-i_1-body
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-banner-i_2-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-banner-i_2-body
  title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-title
  columns:
    - - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-title
        items:
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_0-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_0-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_1-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_1-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_2-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_2-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_3-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_3-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_4-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_4-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_5-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_5-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_6-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_6-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_7-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_7-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_8-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_8-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_9-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_9-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_10-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_0-items-i_10-value
      - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-title
        items:
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_0-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_0-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_1-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_1-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_2-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_2-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_3-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_3-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_4-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_4-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_5-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_1-items-i_5-value
      - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-title
        items:
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_0-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_0-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_1-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_1-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_2-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_2-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_3-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_3-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_4-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_0-i_2-items-i_4-value
    - - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-title
        items:
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_0-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_0-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_1-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_1-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_2-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_2-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_3-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_3-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_4-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_4-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_5-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_0-items-i_5-value
      - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_1-title
        items:
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_1-items-i_0-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_1-items-i_0-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_1-items-i_1-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_1-items-i_1-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_1-items-i_2-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_1-items-i_2-value
      - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-title
        items:
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-items-i_0-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-items-i_0-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-items-i_1-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-items-i_1-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-items-i_2-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-items-i_2-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-items-i_3-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_2-items-i_3-value
      - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-title
        items:
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_0-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_0-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_1-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_1-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_2-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_2-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_3-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_3-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_4-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_4-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_5-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_3-items-i_5-value
      - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-title
        items:
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-items-i_0-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-items-i_0-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-items-i_1-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-items-i_1-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-items-i_2-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-items-i_2-value
          - name: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-items-i_3-name
            value: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-columns-i_1-i_4-items-i_3-value
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-spec-cta-title
    class: is-black is-outlined is-rounded
    url: /resources/Vibe_Tech_Specs.pdf
faq:
  title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-title
  items:
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_0-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_0-body
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_1-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_1-body
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_2-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_2-body
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_3-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_3-body
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_4-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_4-body
    - title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_5-title
      body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-faq-items-i_5-body
video_section:
  title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-video_section-title
  body: i18n-content-hardware-_index-video_section-body
  video:
    id: Ccd4cVrtHTk
    placeholder: img/shared/video.png
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-video_section-cta-title
    url: /software/
bottom_cta:
  title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-bottom_cta-title
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-hardware-_index-bottom_cta-cta-title
---
