content/software/_index.md, before:

---
title: Interactive Digital Whiteboarding Software for Remote Collaboration
description: Vibe digital interactive whiteboards enable screen-sharing, collaborative drawing, video conferencing and meeting software with whiteboarding sessions.
stylesPath: css/software.sass
hero:
  title: i18n-content-software-_index-hero-title
  body: i18n-content-software-_index-hero-body
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-software-_index-hero-cta-title
    class: is-black is-rounded is-outlined
    url: https://app.vibe.us/login?auth_type=guest
  video_id: jCbQM95PA9U
feature_overall:
  title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_overall-title
  items:
    - title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_overall-items-i_0-title
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_overall-items-i_0-body
      figure: img/software/infinite-canvas.png
    - title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_overall-items-i_1-title
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_overall-items-i_1-body
      figure: img/software/smart-drawing.png
    - title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_overall-items-i_2-title
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_overall-items-i_2-body
      figure: img/software/templates.png
feature_collaboration:
  title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_collaboration-title
  items:
    - subtitle: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_collaboration-items-i_0-subtitle
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_collaboration-items-i_0-body
      figure:
        base: img/software/collaboration.png
        overlay: img/software/collaboration-overlay.gif
feature_presentation:
  title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_presentation-title
  items:
    - title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_presentation-items-i_0-title
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_presentation-items-i_0-body
      figure: img/software/presentation-1.png
      index: 1
    - title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_presentation-items-i_1-title
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_presentation-items-i_1-body
      figure: img/software/presentation-2.gif
      animated: true
      index: 2
feature_apps:
  title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_apps-title
  items:
    - title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_apps-items-i_0-title
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_apps-items-i_0-body
      figure: img/software/apps-1.png
    - title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_apps-items-i_1-title
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_apps-items-i_1-body
      figure: img/software/apps-2.png
    - title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_apps-items-i_2-title
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_apps-items-i_2-body
      figure: img/software/apps-3.png
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_apps-cta-title
    url: /android-app-store/
security:
  title: i18n-content-software-_index-security-title
  body: i18n-content-software-_index-security-body
  figure: img/software/security.png
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-software-_index-security-cta-title
    url: /security/
testimonial_section:
  testimonials:
    - author:
        name: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_0-author-name
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_0-body
    - author:
        name: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_1-author-name
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_1-body
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/kenmore.png
        name: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_2-author-name
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_2-body
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/azularc.png
        name: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_3-author-name
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_3-body
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/capgemini.png
        name: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_4-author-name
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_4-body
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/csi.png
        name: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_5-author-name
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_5-body
video_section:
  title: i18n-content-software-_index-video_section-title
  body: i18n-content-software-_index-video_section-body
  video:
    id: Ccd4cVrtHTk
    placeholder: img/shared/video.png
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-software-_index-video_section-cta-title
    url: /hardware/
bottom_cta:
  title: i18n-content-software-_index-bottom_cta-title
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-software-_index-bottom_cta-cta-title
---

Commit message:

Remove WebEx, add alt text

content/software/_index.md, after:

---
title: Interactive Digital Whiteboarding Software for Remote Collaboration
description: Vibe digital interactive whiteboards enable screen-sharing, collaborative drawing, video conferencing and meeting software with whiteboarding sessions.
stylesPath: css/software.sass
hero:
  title: i18n-content-software-_index-hero-title
  body: i18n-content-software-_index-hero-body
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-software-_index-hero-cta-title
    class: is-black is-rounded is-outlined
    url: https://app.vibe.us/login?auth_type=guest
  video_id: jCbQM95PA9U
feature_overall:
  title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_overall-title
  items:
    - title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_overall-items-i_0-title
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_overall-items-i_0-body
      figure: img/software/infinite-canvas.png
      alt_text: Infinite Whiteboarding Canvas
    - title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_overall-items-i_1-title
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_overall-items-i_1-body
      figure: img/software/smart-drawing.png
      alt_text: AI for text and shapes
    - title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_overall-items-i_2-title
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_overall-items-i_2-body
      figure: img/software/templates.png
      alt_text: Import documents
feature_collaboration:
  title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_collaboration-title
  items:
    - subtitle: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_collaboration-items-i_0-subtitle
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_collaboration-items-i_0-body
      figure:
        base: img/software/collaboration.png
        overlay: img/software/collaboration-overlay.gif
        alt_text: Whiteboarding software with videoconference
feature_presentation:
  title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_presentation-title
  items:
    - title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_presentation-items-i_0-title
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_presentation-items-i_0-body
      figure: img/software/presentation-1.png
      alt_text: Screencast PowerPoint on the Vibe Board
      index: 1
    - title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_presentation-items-i_1-title
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_presentation-items-i_1-body
      figure: img/software/presentation-2.gif
      animated: true
      alt_text: Annotate text on the Vibe Board
      index: 2
feature_apps:
  title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_apps-title
  items:
    - title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_apps-items-i_0-title
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_apps-items-i_0-body
      figure: img/software/apps-1.png
      alt_text: Storage on Vibe Cloud
    - title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_apps-items-i_1-title
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_apps-items-i_1-body
      figure: img/software/apps-2.png
      alt_text: Integrate popular applications
    - title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_apps-items-i_2-title
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_apps-items-i_2-body
      figure: img/software/apps-3.png
      alt_text: Videoconference with Zoom, Skype, WebEx
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-software-_index-feature_apps-cta-title
    url: /android-app-store/
security:
  title: i18n-content-software-_index-security-title
  body: i18n-content-software-_index-security-body
  figure: img/software/security.png
  alt_text: Data protection for software security
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-software-_index-security-cta-title
    url: /security/
testimonial_section:
  testimonials:
    - author:
        name: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_0-author-name
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_0-body
    - author:
        name: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_1-author-name
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_1-body
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/kenmore.png
        name: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_2-author-name
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_2-body
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/azularc.png
        name: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_3-author-name
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_3-body
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/capgemini.png
        name: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_4-author-name
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_4-body
    - author:
        logo: img/common/testimonials/csi.png
        name: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_5-author-name
      body: i18n-content-software-_index-testimonial_section-testimonials-i_5-body
video_section:
  title: i18n-content-software-_index-video_section-title
  body: i18n-content-software-_index-video_section-body
  video:
    id: Ccd4cVrtHTk
    placeholder: img/shared/video.png
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-software-_index-video_section-cta-title
    url: /hardware/
bottom_cta:
  title: i18n-content-software-_index-bottom_cta-title
  cta:
    title: i18n-content-software-_index-bottom_cta-cta-title
---
