content/documents/privacy.md, before:

---
url: /privacy/
title: &title Vibe Privacy Policy
aliases:
  - /documents/privacy/

hero:
  title: *title
  summary: |
    At Vibe Inc., we value your privacy and the protection of your personal data. We use your
    Personal Information only for improving Vibe Services. By using the Vibe product, you
    agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

    This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or
    make a purchase from vibe.us (the “Site”).
---

# Personal Information We Collect

When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about
your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.
Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view,
what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site.
We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information”.

We collect Device Information using the following technologies:

- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier.
  For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type,
  Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
- “Web beacons”, “tags”, and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.

Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information
from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, etc.),
email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information”.

When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and
Order Information.

## Third party apps

You can install many third party apps in Vibe device. We do not control how private information is collected by third
party apps. Please refer to each individual app that you use for their privacy policy. Vibe does not access or collect
personal information from third party apps.

## Zoom Integration

Vibe integrates Zoom (https://zoom.us) into whiteboard software for in app video conferencing experience. Sign in to
Zoom is done via Zoom's OAuth flow. Vibe do not store user's Zoom account name or password. After users sign in to
Zoom via Zoom's OAuth flow, Vibe stores limited scope access token and refresh token on the device, in order to setup
Zoom SDK and communicate with Zoom. Vibe does not access or collect other personal information that Zoom uses.

# How Do We Use Your Personal Information?

We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site
(including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order
confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:

- Communicate with you;
- Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
- When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.

We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address),
and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers
browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).

# Sharing Your Personal Information

We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.
For example, we use Shopify to power our online store. You can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information
here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the
Site. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations,
to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive,
or to otherwise protect our rights.

# Behavioural Advertising

As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing
communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works,
you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.

You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below:

- Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
- Google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
- Bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads

Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal
at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.

# Do Not Track

Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.

# Your Rights

If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that
your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us
through the contact information below.

Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill
contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our
legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside
of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.

# Data Retention

When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until
you ask us to delete this information.

# Changes

We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for
other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.

# Minors

The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 13.

# Contact Us

For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint,
please contact us by e‑mail at info@vibe.us or by mail using the details provided below:

Vibe Inc.
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]  
Vibe Inc., 10400 NE 4TH ST, STE 500, Bellevue WA 98004, United States

Commit message:

Add privacy terms for teams integration

content/documents/privacy.md, after:

---
url: /privacy/
title: &title Vibe Privacy Policy
aliases:
  - /documents/privacy/

hero:
  title: *title
  summary: |
    At Vibe Inc., we value your privacy and the protection of your personal data. We use your
    Personal Information only for improving Vibe Services. By using the Vibe product, you
    agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

    This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or
    make a purchase from vibe.us (the “Site”).
---

# Personal Information We Collect

When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about
your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.
Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view,
what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site.
We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information”.

We collect Device Information using the following technologies:

- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier.
  For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type,
  Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
- “Web beacons”, “tags”, and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.

Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information
from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, etc.),
email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information”.

When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and
Order Information.

## Third party apps

You can install many third party apps in Vibe device. We do not control how private information is collected by third
party apps. Please refer to each individual app that you use for their privacy policy. Vibe does not access or collect
personal information from third party apps.

## Microsoft Teams integration

Vibe integrates with Microsoft Teams to provide Microsoft Teams users the access to their Vibe boards within
the Microsoft Teams app.

By installing the Vibe Boards app in the Microsoft Teams app store, and sign in the Vibe Boards app with your
Microsoft account, following data will be collected:

- Your Microsoft account's primary email address and display name.
- Name of the Team and Channel where the Vibe Boards tab is added to.

The collected data, together with the content generated within the Vibe Boards app, is encrypted and stored in Vibe's
U.S. data centers. The collected data and your content will never be shared to third-party partners.

The collected data is used to authenticate and verify your identity when you sign out and sign back in, or sign in using
different devices.

## Zoom integration

Vibe integrates Zoom (https://zoom.us) into whiteboard software for in app video conferencing experience. Sign in to
Zoom is done via Zoom's OAuth flow. Vibe do not store user's Zoom account name or password. After users sign in to
Zoom via Zoom's OAuth flow, Vibe stores limited scope access token and refresh token on the device, in order to setup
Zoom SDK and communicate with Zoom. Vibe does not access or collect other personal information that Zoom uses.

# How Do We Use Your Personal Information?

We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site
(including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order
confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:

- Communicate with you;
- Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
- When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.

We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address),
and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers
browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).

# Sharing Your Personal Information

We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.
For example, we use Shopify to power our online store. You can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information
here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the
Site. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations,
to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive,
or to otherwise protect our rights.

# Behavioural Advertising

As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing
communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works,
you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.

You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below:

- Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
- Google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
- Bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads

Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal
at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.

# Do Not Track

Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.

# Your Rights

If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that
your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us
through the contact information below.

Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill
contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our
legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside
of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.

# Data Retention

When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until
you ask us to delete this information.

# Changes

We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for
other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.

# Minors

The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 13.

# Contact Us

For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint,
please contact us by e‑mail at info@vibe.us or by mail using the details provided below:

Vibe Inc.
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]  
Vibe Inc., 10400 NE 4TH ST, STE 500, Bellevue WA 98004, United States
