content/demo/video-demo.md, before:

---
title: Thanks for requesting our demo video.
stylesPath: css/video-demo.sass
layout: video-demo
aliases:
  - /demo/request-video-landing/
navbar:
  extra:
    - title: Contact Sales
      class: is-primary is-outlined is-rounded is-in-brand is-hidden-mobile
      url: /contact/
      in_brand_mobile: true
    - title: i18n-data-common-nav-base-extra-i_1-title
      class: is-primary is-rounded is-nav-cart is-in-brand
      url: /order/
      in_brand_mobile: true
player:
  playlistClass: switch-video
  triggerClass: player-trigger
  thumbnail: true
  thumbnailPlaceholderId: thumbnail-placeholder
  thumbnailPlaceholderClass: thumbnail-placeholder
  thumbnailImageClass: thumbnail-image
playlist_header:
  title: Demo Videos
playlist_info:
  - title: Introduction
    playlist:
      - title: What's Vibe?
        video:
          id: 3ahmSXlNgh4
          length: 2
          exact_length: 1:58
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Vibe is a collaboration solution that combines an interactive digital whiteboard with smart software.
          resources:
            downloads:
              - title: Vibe Interactive Whiteboard Brochure
                url: /resources/Vibe_Brochure.pdf
              - title: Vibe Interactive Whiteboard Datasheet
                url: /resources/Vibe_Datasheet.pdf
              - title: Vibe Interactive Whiteboard Tech Specs
                url: /resources/Vibe_Security_Specs.pdf
  - title: Whiteboarding
    playlist:
      - title: Whiteboarding part 1
        video:
          id: bMMf384stj4
          length: 1
          exact_length: 1:22
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Get an overview of whiteboarding features, including Pen, Highlighter, Smart Shapes, Text corrector, and Laser pointer.
          resources:
      - title: Whiteboarding part 2
        video:
          id: e_KdCXiw8AU
          length: 1
          exact_length: 1:10
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Get an overview of whiteboarding features, including Sticky notes, Lasso Tool, Canvas Background, Eraser and Undo button.
          resources:
      - title: Import files
        video:
          id: y-Eh7IZX02I
          length: 1
          exact_length: 1:20
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Get an overview of how to import files directly to the board from Google Drive, Dropbox, OneDrive, and Box.
          resources:
            faqs:
              - title: What file formats are supported?
                url: https://knowledge.vibe.us/cloud-drive-file-formats
      - title: Share & Collaborate
        video:
          id: JBDuYI6-xVU
          length: 3
          exact_length: 2:41
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Get an overview of how to share the Vibe board, and collaborate with remote participants in real-time.
          resources:
      - title: Save & Export
        video:
          id: wmMR4issaP8
          length: 1
          exact_length: 0:54
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Your Vibe board will be automatically saved to the Vibe Cloud when online. Additionally, you have the option to export the Vibe board as a PDF to your Cloud Drives or export and send via email.
          resources:
      - title: Using Vibe on Other Devices
        video:
          id: UfBXXlvA3VA
          length: 3
          exact_length: 2:36
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: With Vibe’s own cloud-based software, you can join a Vibe board from anywhere in the world using a computer browser, tablet or Vibe board.
          resources:
  - title: Third-party Apps
    playlist:
      - title: App Integrations
        video:
          id: TToE0NgKYuY
          length: 1
          exact_length: 0:40
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Vibe was built on the Android operating system, which gives you the option to use a growing list of 3rd party applications that integrate directly with the board.
          resources:
            faqs:
              - title: Which apps are available?
                url: https://knowledge.vibe.us/which-apps-are-available
      - title: App Store & App Launch Center
        video:
          id: yVbCPcT6M1A
          length: 2
          exact_length: 1:31
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Get an overview of Vibe App store and see the app launch center, where you can easily switch between or split screen open apps.
          resources:
            faqs:
              - title: How to download applications?
                url: https://knowledge.vibe.us/how-to-download-applications
      - title: Third-party Apps Annotation
        video:
          id: Rt9Um8le7iI
          length: 1
          exact_length: 0:52
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: When using 3rd party apps, you can also annotate on the screen and screenshot to save it to the canvas.
          resources:
  - title: Video Conferencing
    playlist:
      - title: Supported Apps
        video:
          id: kVPU_OYrjw8
          length: 1
          exact_length: 0:39
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Vibe offers integrations with most popular video conferencing apps, like Zoom, Google Meet, Microsoft Teams, RingCentral, WebEx, and GoToMeeting.
          resources:
      - title: Zoom Overview
        video:
          id: E1DRW8ewnVU
          length: 4
          exact_length: 4:16
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Get an overview of how to use Zoom for video conferencing, while sharing the board's screen with remote participants.
          resources:
      - title: Microsoft Teams Overview
        video:
          id: nTrR0LoLZgw
          length: 2
          exact_length: 1:58
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Get an overview of how to use Microsoft Teams for video conferencing, while sharing the board's screen with remote participants.
          resources:
  - title: Screencast & Annotation
    playlist:
      - title: Wireless Screencast & Annotation
        video:
          id: 4vHlHwDmXS8
          length: 1
          exact_length: 0:55
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Screen casting is a popular feature that allows you to wirelessly project your computer, tablet, or phone screen onto Vibe. While casting, you can annotate on the screen as well.
          resources:
      - title: Using HDMI & Annotation
        video:
          id: FYy7e3XwiMM
          length: 1
          exact_length: 1:00
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Vibe can be used as a second screen by connecting your computer to Vibe via HDMI. You can annotate on the screen as well.
          resources:
  - title: Hardware
    playlist:
      - title: Connections
        video:
          id: X5UPaWxOrHM
          length: 1
          exact_length: 0:28
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Vibe is compatible with many accessories. It has HDMI in, HDMI out, an Audio port, 2 USB ports and an Ethernet port in the back of the board.
          resources:
      - title: Accessories
        video:
          id: i6v5MYLGszA
          length: 1
          exact_length: 0:51
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Vibe is compatiable with mobile stands, wall mount, and most USB connected cameras and microphones.
          resources:
      - title: How to Purchase
        video:
          id: qaIk9mhtdcA
          length: 1
          exact_length: 0:44
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Learn more about the price, what’s included in the box, and how to purchase.
          resources:
---

Commit message:

add bottom cta in demo page (#63)

content/demo/video-demo.md, after:

---
title: Thanks for requesting our demo video.
stylesPath: css/video-demo.sass
layout: video-demo
aliases:
  - /demo/request-video-landing/
navbar:
  extra:
    - title: Contact Sales
      # class: is-primary is-outlined is-rounded is-in-brand is-hidden-mobile
      class: is-white is-rounded is-in-brand is-hidden-mobile
      url: /contact/
      in_brand_mobile: true
    - title: i18n-data-common-nav-base-extra-i_1-title
      # class: is-primary is-rounded is-nav-cart is-in-brand
      class: is-black is-rounded is-nav-cart is-in-brand
      url: /order/
      in_brand_mobile: true
player:
  playlistClass: switch-video
  triggerClass: player-trigger
  thumbnail: true
  thumbnailPlaceholderId: thumbnail-placeholder
  thumbnailPlaceholderClass: thumbnail-placeholder
  thumbnailImageClass: thumbnail-image
playlist_header:
  title: Demo Videos
playlist_info:
  - title: Introduction
    playlist:
      - title: What's Vibe?
        video:
          id: 3ahmSXlNgh4
          length: 2
          exact_length: 1:58
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Vibe is a collaboration solution that combines an interactive digital whiteboard with smart software.
          resources:
            downloads:
              - title: Vibe Interactive Whiteboard Brochure
                url: /resources/Vibe_Brochure.pdf
              - title: Vibe Interactive Whiteboard Datasheet
                url: /resources/Vibe_Datasheet.pdf
              - title: Vibe Interactive Whiteboard Tech Specs
                url: /resources/Vibe_Security_Specs.pdf
  - title: Whiteboarding
    playlist:
      - title: Whiteboarding part 1
        video:
          id: bMMf384stj4
          length: 1
          exact_length: 1:22
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Get an overview of whiteboarding features, including Pen, Highlighter, Smart Shapes, Text corrector, and Laser pointer.
          resources:
      - title: Whiteboarding part 2
        video:
          id: e_KdCXiw8AU
          length: 1
          exact_length: 1:10
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Get an overview of whiteboarding features, including Sticky notes, Lasso Tool, Canvas Background, Eraser and Undo button.
          resources:
      - title: Import files
        video:
          id: y-Eh7IZX02I
          length: 1
          exact_length: 1:20
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Get an overview of how to import files directly to the board from Google Drive, Dropbox, OneDrive, and Box.
          resources:
            faqs:
              - title: What file formats are supported?
                url: https://knowledge.vibe.us/cloud-drive-file-formats
      - title: Share & Collaborate
        video:
          id: JBDuYI6-xVU
          length: 3
          exact_length: 2:41
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Get an overview of how to share the Vibe board, and collaborate with remote participants in real-time.
          resources:
      - title: Save & Export
        video:
          id: wmMR4issaP8
          length: 1
          exact_length: 0:54
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Your Vibe board will be automatically saved to the Vibe Cloud when online. Additionally, you have the option to export the Vibe board as a PDF to your Cloud Drives or export and send via email.
          resources:
      - title: Using Vibe on Other Devices
        video:
          id: UfBXXlvA3VA
          length: 3
          exact_length: 2:36
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: With Vibe’s own cloud-based software, you can join a Vibe board from anywhere in the world using a computer browser, tablet or Vibe board.
          resources:
  - title: Third-party Apps
    playlist:
      - title: App Integrations
        video:
          id: TToE0NgKYuY
          length: 1
          exact_length: 0:40
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Vibe was built on the Android operating system, which gives you the option to use a growing list of 3rd party applications that integrate directly with the board.
          resources:
            faqs:
              - title: Which apps are available?
                url: https://knowledge.vibe.us/which-apps-are-available
      - title: App Store & App Launch Center
        video:
          id: yVbCPcT6M1A
          length: 2
          exact_length: 1:31
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Get an overview of Vibe App store and see the app launch center, where you can easily switch between or split screen open apps.
          resources:
            faqs:
              - title: How to download applications?
                url: https://knowledge.vibe.us/how-to-download-applications
      - title: Third-party Apps Annotation
        video:
          id: Rt9Um8le7iI
          length: 1
          exact_length: 0:52
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: When using 3rd party apps, you can also annotate on the screen and screenshot to save it to the canvas.
          resources:
  - title: Video Conferencing
    playlist:
      - title: Supported Apps
        video:
          id: kVPU_OYrjw8
          length: 1
          exact_length: 0:39
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Vibe offers integrations with most popular video conferencing apps, like Zoom, Google Meet, Microsoft Teams, RingCentral, WebEx, and GoToMeeting.
          resources:
      - title: Zoom Overview
        video:
          id: E1DRW8ewnVU
          length: 4
          exact_length: 4:16
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Get an overview of how to use Zoom for video conferencing, while sharing the board's screen with remote participants.
          resources:
      - title: Microsoft Teams Overview
        video:
          id: nTrR0LoLZgw
          length: 2
          exact_length: 1:58
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Get an overview of how to use Microsoft Teams for video conferencing, while sharing the board's screen with remote participants.
          resources:
  - title: Screencast & Annotation
    playlist:
      - title: Wireless Screencast & Annotation
        video:
          id: 4vHlHwDmXS8
          length: 1
          exact_length: 0:55
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Screen casting is a popular feature that allows you to wirelessly project your computer, tablet, or phone screen onto Vibe. While casting, you can annotate on the screen as well.
          resources:
      - title: Using HDMI & Annotation
        video:
          id: FYy7e3XwiMM
          length: 1
          exact_length: 1:00
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Vibe can be used as a second screen by connecting your computer to Vibe via HDMI. You can annotate on the screen as well.
          resources:
  - title: Hardware
    playlist:
      - title: Connections
        video:
          id: X5UPaWxOrHM
          length: 1
          exact_length: 0:28
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Vibe is compatible with many accessories. It has HDMI in, HDMI out, an Audio port, 2 USB ports and an Ethernet port in the back of the board.
          resources:
      - title: Accessories
        video:
          id: i6v5MYLGszA
          length: 1
          exact_length: 0:51
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Vibe is compatiable with mobile stands, wall mount, and most USB connected cameras and microphones.
          resources:
      - title: How to Purchase
        video:
          id: qaIk9mhtdcA
          length: 1
          exact_length: 0:44
        tab_panel:
          video_overview:
            content: Learn more about the price, what’s included in the box, and how to purchase.
          resources:
bottom_cta:
  title: Ready for More Actions?
  cta:
    buttons:
      - class: is-primary live-demo-button
        title: Book a Live Demo
        url: https://meetings.hubspot.com/jedrik/demo-with-vibe
        icon:
          class: live-demo-icon
          url: img/demo/live-demo-icon.svg
      - class: is-light request-a-quote-button
        title: Request a Quote
        url: /contact/request-a-quote
        icon:
          class: request-a-quote-icon
          url: img/demo/request-a-quote-icon.svg
---
